Update changelog for 9.2.0 (#371)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android: CHANGELOG.md

 - Fixed a crash when calling the `Style.removeImage` method with the name of a nonexistent image. ([#16391](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/16391))
 - Fixed a crash when encountering an invalid polyline. ([#16409](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/16409))
 - Certain logging statements no longer run on the main thread. ([#16325](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/16325))

>  - Fixed library load failure on x86 devices. ([#368](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/368))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Worked around a crash that could be triggered by SoLoader. ([#368](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/368))
```

Reviewer: Does https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/368/ only affect x86 devices? I didn't see that in the PR

Reviewer: I'm also thinking these two new entries fit better in a new sub-section "Other changes", what do you think?

### Other changes

Author: Yeah, only affect x86 devices.
Other changes sounds good.

>  - Fixed a crash caused by JobIntentService in telemetry on devices with API > 26. ([#472](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-events-android/pull/472)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Worked around crashes caused by `JobIntentService` on devices >= API 26 by using a network request to report errors instead. ([#472](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-events-android/pull/472)
```

> ## 9.1.0

Reviewer: add date we published the last stable release

 - Fixed a crash when encountering an invalid polyline. ([#16409](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/16409))
 - Certain logging statements no longer run on the main thread. ([#16325](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/16325))

### Other changes

>  - Fallback to `System.libraryLoader` if SoLoader fails to load the native library. ([#368](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/368))

Reviewer: Oh, you can add “...on x86 devices.” at the end of this sentence then!
